hay has gone Dave 2d here day two of CES
and if you thought yesterday's footage
was bad and grainy be prepared because
today's a human worse so I got to check
with the razor suite and that's an extra
darkroom so the footage is just really
grainy I've been filming this on phones
the first thing I want to talk about is
their thing called Project Linda this
thing looks out of this world they're
using the razor phone and placing it
into this chassis to create this really
impressive device like I don't even know
how to describe this thing it's kind of
like a laptop but it uses the phone
there's like there's no internals of
this laptop to give it processing
capabilities it's literally the phone is
powering everything I mean there's a
battery in there and it's got a screen
but all the processing power and the
touchpad comes from the razor phone it's
crazy so the phone turns into a touchpad
the moment you drop it in and the
connector plugs in we have a fully
functional device so this thing is just
running the Android software on the
phone and you use the screen of the
razor phone as a touchpad now as of this
moment there's no developers that have
created custom software for this thing
but the idea is that you have your
program running on the main screen like
the regular razor blades tells panels
got 13 inch screen and then on the
screen of the razor phone you can use it
as a touchpad or the developers can put
a custom UI on there so if you're using
some like Lightroom or just an Adobe
product you'll be able to see the
settings and different controls in there
or if you're playing a game like you can
see the UI or different skills or
potions or just an inventory whatever it
is there's just a lot of potential for
this Hardware combination so in theory
you could just carry your razor phone
around and then for people that need a
little bit more computing capabilities
or they want a keyboard they can just
connect it up into this device and use a
mouse to navigate around it's obviously
a prototype and it's obviously some of
they're just testing the waters with I
think it's just well executed
considering how early in the development
process this thing is so they call it
project Linda and I have no idea when
it's going to come out or even if it
will come out but I really feel like the
concept is cool and they're not the
first people to do this but they're
definitely the first people that I've
seen to do it well and to actually have
it executed so seamlessly and the other
thing that's really cool is the
mechanism that comes in and out of the
device to plug into the phone like this
is just a prototype but it works so well
I think everyone that got to play with
the same was really impressed by that
particular hardware mechanism okay
another thing they announced was this
new Mouse so we've seen inductive
charging on mice from Logitech and other
companies but this one's a little bit
different this mouse has no battery
inside it's a very lightweight Mouse and
it can hold a charge for maybe like five
ten seconds the moment off the mat but
the idea behind this thing is that this
really lightweight high performance mash
that uses an optical sensor that's
completely wireless they call it the
Razer Mamba hyper flex and the madness
pad that it's on actually has an
interchangeable surface so you can have
a hard surface or you flip it over and
you have this nice cloth surface
depending the preference of your
mousepad but two really cool products
from Razer I'm particularly interested
in project Lynda I just really want to
see how far Razer can take that thing
because the idea of it is really cool on
paper it's unfortunate that it's like a
single device that can work with that
chassis so only the Razer phone will fit
into that thing but just the idea of
having a phone that can connect into a
chassis and then that device becomes
essentially a laptop is really cool
especially with how powerful the CPUs
and the hardware inside smartphones are
getting like we've seen benchmarks this
stuff is equivalent to laptop
performance so yeah I think the idea is
really neat okay hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs if you liked it subs
you've loved it see you guys next time
[Music]